OK so we've built our log in and sign up screen now in this video we're going to create the user list
that the user will see when they log in.
So it should be a fairly quick one.
We'll start with a new activity to allow us to show the user list
so new activity and MGE activity.
We'll call this
use illicit activity
and we'll just add a simple list fee
they would get
more make it full with
and we'll call it user list.
OK.
Then we'll set up our list for you.
Call it use LSV.
It's going to be a list view.
From find VBI ID results don't I.D. don't use a few.
And then we'll have our users list
which all set up opin
is going to be in a list of strings called uses.
They would get some Wilusa I need a re adapter
which we'll call Araya adapter.
Which will be a new array adapter.
And then we'll set that up down here.
So adapter is going to be a new array adapter.
Using this as the context
and then Android
lay out a simple list item one
for the lamp guide and then uses for the matching list to write
and then I use a list you will set the array adapter.
And then we'll just add a very quick use of
to make sure that everything is connected up.
Now of course to be able to see that we need to set up our redirect from the main activity
so let's set up a quick public voyde redirect if logged in and then we'll check to see if we have a
current user.
And if we do we'll set up an intense
new intent with the application context and we want to jump to user list activity class
start activity with the intent
K and we want to do that when they're locked in.
I redirect if logged in when they're signed up.
And also when the app is launched.
OK so let's give that a try.
We should now be jumped over to the user list activity.
Just a single test if that.
While that's loading I'll add a few extra uses for us to send messages to.
So let's do that here.
We've already got Rob
so well at Keston
and then our usual selection will have Tommy
and of course Ralphy
K. back to enter our studio.
Let's just check our list fee and there we go.
So that's all looking good although we've still got the past stars of protecting the title so I'll just
fix that.
OK.
So now we'll get rid of users and test and in fact we'll set it to clear up just in case we've got any
active users.
And then we'll do a quick pass use a query which we do using past query on past uses Hochuli query and
this is going to be I-PASS user don't get queery and we want to find where the user name is not equal
to our current user.
So just play everyone apart from our user say Querrey well not equal to the user name.
And we want that not to be equal to our current user so get current user get used and then run that
in the background.
So I find a background with a new find Colback
and then as usual we'll check to see if
he is now and then if object stock size is greater than zero if it is all loop through it expecting
a bunch of pass uses to be returned I'll call them each user and its objects that we want to leap through.
And we need to do here is add objects to the user's frailest so users start at and we want user don't
get
use the name
simple as that.
And then when we've done that we're going to take our array adapter and notify that the dataset has
changed.
All right let's give it a look.
We should now find that we see three other uses that is cast in Ralphy and tell me only use IList and
there we go.
So there's our use list and while we're here will set up the transition to the chat activity where the
user taps on one of those users.
So let's create a new activity
just the usual empty activity and I'll call this the chat activity and then either end user list activity.
We want to add to our list view
eye on item click listener
it's going to be a new adaptively on item click listener.
And so we want to do is when a user clicks on one of the items we wanted to jump to the chat activity
and send the user name of the user that they tapped on.
So of course we'll do that with an intent
so it will create a new intent using the application context and we want to jump to chat activity.
Dot plus
and then we want to put an extra.
And we want to put the user name and the value that we want to give it is going to be the user name
of the user that they tapped on.
So users don't get.
And then I ibig the rest of the history that was tapped
then we stopped activity
with the intent and find out or we'll do it in chat activity is just get the user that was tapped on
so we'll create an intent which will be get intent
and then
I'll call it active user and this is going to be intent get string extra.
And so you want to get is the user name.
And for now we'll just log
active use up.
OK so let's just try that out.
We should now be able to tap on one of those users and be directed to the chat activity.
And then in the logs see the user name is tapped on.
And we get it.
So let's give it a try.
And yet we've been redirected.
And you can see we've got the user name right there.
Excellent.
Let's just very quickly set the title
of the chat activity.
I'm going to call it chat with and then we'll add the user name right there.
OK.
So now we're ready to build the chat activity which is where we'll have a list view that shows the past
chat between our user and the user that they've selected.
We'll do that in the next video.